README.md, before:

personal python lib [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/xsthunder/xs_lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/xsthunder/xs_lib)
------
legacy python lib see [xsthunder/python-lib: useful python pieces of code](https://github.com/xsthunder/python-lib)

### code and release

1. code at [xsthunder/xs_lib at master](https://github.com/xsthunder/xs_lib/tree/master)

2. update [xs_lib/version.py at master· xsthunder/xs_lib](https://github.com/xsthunder/xs_lib/blob/master/xs_lib/version.py)

3. merge to releae and travis will deploy to pip

### TODO
 
### Features

1. Full test with traivis to make sure things are on rail.
2. list of function see [doc](./doc/README.md)

## Install and Run

### Install via [xs-lib · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/xs-lib/)

1. `pip install xs-lib`

### Use in Code

#### use for single `ipynb` file

export the `ipynb` file

```python
import xs_lib.common as common

# this will choose con tqdm
for i in common.tqdm(range(3)):
    print(i)
nbe = common.NBExporter()
nbe('./pdb.ipynb', to='./')
```
#### use for projcet

clone [xsthunder/jupyter_dev_template](https://github.com/xsthunder/jupyter_dev_template)

### Use in cli

```
nb2py --help
```

## optional pakage tqdm

```
conda install tqdm
```

## Usage suggestion

add `#test_export` to top of the code cell which will be exported to test and standard file.

add `#export` to top ot the code cell which will be exported to standard file.

use [Sure 1.4.7 - Documentation — sure 1.4.7 documentation](https://sure.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for `#test_export`.

## Development

### Environment Setup

[bash `./config/create-env.sh` for conda](./config/create-env.sh)

### deps

1. not all [deps](./config/create-env.sh) are necessary. only ipython are set in the `setup.py/deps`.
2. `xs_lib.common` supports dynamic import. feel free to import.
3. to import other modules, please install corresponding deps first or you may come across import error.
4. It's recommanded to install all packages listed in [create-env.sh](./config/create-env.sh)



### code structures



#### Ref 

[deployment - How can I use setuptools to generate a console_scripts entry point which calls `python -m mypackage`? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27784271/how-can-i-use-setuptools-to-generate-a-console-scripts-entry-point-which-calls)

[Packaging Python Projects — Python Packaging User Guide](http://packaging.python.org/tutorials/packaging-projects/)

`notebook2script` from [course-v3/nbs/dl2 at master · fastai/course-v3](https://github.com/fastai/course-v3/tree/master/nbs/dl2)

Commit message:

add env and is main

README.md, after:

personal python lib [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/xsthunder/xs_lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/xsthunder/xs_lib)
------
legacy python lib see [xsthunder/python-lib: useful python pieces of code](https://github.com/xsthunder/python-lib)

### code and release

1. code at [xsthunder/xs_lib at master](https://github.com/xsthunder/xs_lib/tree/master)

2. update [xs_lib/version.py at master· xsthunder/xs_lib](https://github.com/xsthunder/xs_lib/blob/master/xs_lib/version.py)

3. merge to releae and travis will deploy to pip

### TODO
 
### Features

1. Full test with traivis to make sure things are on rail.
1. `xs_lib.ismain.main(__name__, main)` to define entrance
1. `xs_lib.common.IN_TRAVIS` and `xs_lib.common.IN_JUPYTER` to tell current state, also allow bash env setting to `true` or `false` to overwrite.
1. `xs_lib.common.CLI_TEST` is read from bash env to control cli. 

## Install and Run

### Install via [xs-lib · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/xs-lib/)

1. `pip install xs-lib`

### Use in Code

#### use for single `ipynb` file

export the `ipynb` file

```python
import xs_lib.common as common

# this will choose con tqdm
for i in common.tqdm(range(3)):
    print(i)
nbe = common.NBExporter()
nbe('./pdb.ipynb', to='./')
```
#### use for projcet

clone [xsthunder/jupyter_dev_template](https://github.com/xsthunder/jupyter_dev_template)

### Use in cli

```
nb2py --help
```

## optional pakage tqdm

```
conda install tqdm
```

## Usage suggestion

add `#test_export` to top of the code cell which will be exported to test and standard file.

add `#export` to top ot the code cell which will be exported to standard file.

use [Sure 1.4.7 - Documentation — sure 1.4.7 documentation](https://sure.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for `#test_export`.

## Development

### Environment Setup

[bash `./config/create-env.sh` for conda](./config/create-env.sh)

### deps

1. not all [deps](./config/create-env.sh) are necessary. only ipython are set in the `setup.py/deps`.
2. `xs_lib.common` supports dynamic import. feel free to import.
3. to import other modules, please install corresponding deps first or you may come across import error.
4. It's recommanded to install all packages listed in [create-env.sh](./config/create-env.sh)



### code structures



#### Ref 

[deployment - How can I use setuptools to generate a console_scripts entry point which calls `python -m mypackage`? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27784271/how-can-i-use-setuptools-to-generate-a-console-scripts-entry-point-which-calls)

[Packaging Python Projects — Python Packaging User Guide](http://packaging.python.org/tutorials/packaging-projects/)

`notebook2script` from [course-v3/nbs/dl2 at master · fastai/course-v3](https://github.com/fastai/course-v3/tree/master/nbs/dl2)
